docs/development.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Development
nav_order: 19
---

# Development

## Contributing

When developing, please:

+ Write unit tests for jasmine
+ Make sure your unit tests pass
+ Do not use the file system <code>fs</code>. If you need to read files, use JSON and <code>require</code>.

The current configuration of the unit tests requires the following environment variable to be set:
```javascript
    export NODE_PATH=.
````

## CD/CD

The repository uses Github Actions for testing and publishing. Testing is done with the four most recent releases of Nodejs. The natural package is automatically published to NPM when a release is created.

Github workflows can be found at `./.github/workflows`.

## Using the library in a browser

The package can be used in the browser using Webpack. It is tested using Webpack, Gulp and Jasmine. The test suite is run using the command: `npm run test_browser`. The server is at http://localhost:8888. You should  uncheck "run tests in random order" in the browser to make it work. There are some tests that are sensitive to the order in which tests are run.

Commit message:

Updated documentation for major version 3.0

docs/development.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Development
nav_order: 19
---

# Development

## Contributing

When developing, please:

+ Comply with [Standard JS](https://standardjs.com/). This is tested when you commit to natural.
+ Prevent code duplication. Use jscpd to test this. This is tested when you commit to natural.
+ Write unit tests for jasmine. Make sure your unit tests pass.
+ For compatibility with browsers, do not use the file system <code>fs</code>. If you need to read files, use JSON and <code>require</code>.
+ Write documentation and commit this to the `gh-pages` branch.

The current configuration of the unit tests requires the following environment variable to be set:
```javascript
    export NODE_PATH=.
````

## CD/CD pipeline

The repository uses Github Actions for testing and publishing.

Currently, there three workflows:
- Node CI: tests natural on the four most recent releases of Nodejs.
- Nodejs package: The natural package is automatically published to NPM when a release is created (tagged).
- Lint Code Base: the repository is linted using the Github super linter which includes `jslint` and `jscpd`.

Github workflows can be found at `./.github/workflows`.

## Using the library in a browser

The package can be used in the browser using Webpack. It is tested using Webpack, Gulp and Jasmine. The test suite is run using the command: `npm run test_browser`. The server is at http://localhost:8888. You should  uncheck "run tests in random order" in the browser to make it work. There are some tests that are sensitive to the order in which tests are run.
